Week1:
Group formed and named Brainwave Builders
I am selected as Scrum Master.
Sohee selected as Product Owner.
I created the Jira Site.
We decided on the Learning Management System topic.
Decided to use typescript for both backend and frontend.
We discussed about the use of trpc and t3.
Some milestones have been set (MVP by Wk5, finish most of the project by end of flex week 7).

Week2:
All group meetings were set up.
I made a calendar to book everyone's meeting time.
Sprint 1 goals and objectives were made.
I configured Jira to include everything we had planned for.
Technical Stack was decided as a group.

Week3:
The Scrum master update went smoothly.
We worked through and finalised the flowchart.
I have updated the entire Jira site assigning all backlogs to the appropriate epic and completed the timeline.
Worked on parts of the proposal.
Submitted the proposal.

Week4:
Successfully closed off sprint 1 and started sprint 2
Allocated all user stories and tasks for the team
Tracked the progress of all team members
Hosted frontend meeting
Clarified with the mentor on diary entries

Week5:
Finished Demo A and retro A on time and quite successfully.
Allocated all user stories and tasks for the team for sprint 2
Tracked the progress of all team members
Hosted weekly meeting
Started on the assessment system backend

Week6:
Finished backend of user profile
Worked on the backend of assessment system, but waiting on the dependencies from teammates
Tracked the progress of all team members
Hosted weekly meeting

Week7:
Fixed some data structures in the profile-related database.
Improved the profileinfo api by defining the behaviour when email is not specified.
Designed assisgment deadline related data structures, waiting for sohee to finish the assisment creation part of the API.
Tracked the progress of all team members
Hosted weekly meeting
Allocated all user stories and tasks for the team

Week 8:
restructured parts of the API made in wk7 because we added a middle layer to authenticate
Led Demo B rehearsal
Recorded and resized demo B video
Made Retro B report
Tracked the progress of all team members
Hosted weekly meeting
Allocated all user stories and tasks for the team

Week 9:
designed password reset email
implemented password change at the profile page level
added user dropout menu
added log-out functionality
implemented calendar backend and connected it with frontend
worked on the overview section and functionalities section of project report
Tracked the progress of all team members
Hosted weekly meeting

Week 10:
Populated courses and accounts for the use of demo.
Led demo rehearsal meetings.
Completed the majority of the project report.
